---
layout: post
title: Day 7 of 100 days of large language models
subtitle: Ideas for an LLM app to create meaningful impact
cover-img: /assets/img/forest_path.jpg
tags: [learning, personal, 100 days of large language models, natural language processing, machine learning, artificial intelligence]
---
Reflecting on my LLM journey, I've been brainstorming project ideas for an app to create meaningful impact for challenged, underprivileged, & disadvantaged individuals.

Some reading when looking for inspiration, along with other ideas. ❤️ Would love to hear your ideas ❤️

⭐️ [Devan Leos shares how ChatGPT & LLMs can support those impaired with ADHD](https://www.entrepreneur.com/living/5-ways-chatgpt-is-empowering-people-with-disabilities/448551). A personal assistant to create schedules for organising tasks & offering encouragement to stay on track of goals. How dyslexics can be supported with spell-checking, proof-reading, & general writing composition. How ChatGPT can break ideas down in certain ways to ease understanding for those with learning difficulties.

⭐️ Enkelejda Kasneci (Technical University of Munich) advocates for [using ChatGPT in education](https://www.tum.de/en/news-and-events/all-news/press-releases/details/chatgpt-kann-zu-mehr-bildungsgerechtigkeit-fuehren) as it's an enabler, bringing educational resources to disadvantaged students regardless of financial background, & personalizing education as an adaptive tutor. Fascinating to think of using LLMs as study partners to quiz students for exam prep. Enkelejda proposes teachers should use these tools with students, not ban them!

⭐️ The #healthcare domain always close to my ❤️. ["A Critical Review of ChatGPT as a Potential Substitute for Diabetes Educators"](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10231273/) looks at using ChatGPT to address the shortage of human healthcare professionals supporting patients in condition management. Fascinating potential of real-time, personalized, and interactive educational and support apps, interconnected with smart blood glucose monitors, to improve patient outcomes. Can apply to other conditions?


⭐️ Supporting single & challenged parents with a parenting assistant, offering personalized guidance on parenting strategies, tracking child development milestones etc. Connects parents with relevant professional & local community networks for emotional, financial, & other wellbeing support. As a father of twins, I relate! 👶👶

⭐️ School dinners 🍽️ kept me going! Help less well off families with localised information on access to financial support & healthcare, job & education opportunities.

⭐️ A health advisor for overworked, overstressed 😫, & bad diet parents! Looks at health habits including exercise frequency, time at desk, food & coffee intake, & parenting timetables, to suggest health goals, simple tips to improve, & advise on lifestyle choices. Yep, I again relate!